Ian Flemming's James Bond 007 in Live and Let Die - The Computer Game
---------------------------------------------------------------------

M has given you the top secret mission: "Find Mr. Big, and don't come back
until you do".

Q has given you the latest gadget: "Be very careful with it 007. It is the
fastest and most dangerous speedboat ever made. Just to make sure you find
Mr. Big, we have arranged some practice sessions for you in extreme
conditions. You'll go from the Desert to the Icebergs before we let you
loose in Florida - Mr. Big's home country."

"Good luck 007"


INTRODUCTION:

Dr. Kananga, the infamous and ruthless Prime Minister of the Carribean
island of San Monique, an island whose people are controlled by the
fearful power of voodoo, is harvesting huge fields of poppies concealed
under camouflaged netting on this paradise island. He plans to control the
US drug market by flooding America with tons of free Heroin which would
create a living hell for millions, and incidentally, provide money for arms
to Eastern bloc allied San Monique.

Dr. Kananga or "Mr Big" as he is known in the underworld, is a shrewd
operator who conceals his dealings from prying eyes. His headquaters, which
are well hidden beneath a cemetary on San Monique, ships all of the
un-refined heroin to processing factories in remote and inaccessible
locations.

James Bond, 007, the world's top secret agent must undertake a series of
dangerous missions to overcome the covert operations of Dr. Kananga.

As James Bond you must carry out the orders of "M", travelling by the only
accessible means.


THE GAME

As James Bond you must travel along the various waterways; Target practice,
South American jungle mission, Norwegian Fjords and Middle East desert
exercises.

In the target practice section the red targets must be shot with the forward
mounted machine gun, the black targets must be shot using missiles. There
are two exercises that enable Bond to learn about the type of defence system
used by Kananga, and finally the mission which is bristling with Dr.
Kananga's defences. You must avoid mines, gun emplacements, dive bombing,
enemy helicopters, submarines, enemy planes and enemy boats, some of which
drop mines or booby trapped fuel barrels and can only be destroyed with a
missile.

Along the way you must completely pick up fuel by driving over fuel barrels,
as well as the cannisters containing food and missiles dropped by the C.I.A.
helicopters.

Your speedboat must travel through dark tunnels, slide up slopes to avoid
obstacles and must destroy closed lock gates with 'snuff' missiles.

With a lot of skill and some luck you will reach the Heroin processing
factories at the end of the waterway. The factory can only be destroy by
leaping off a log into the air and letting off a 'snuff' missile to
finally destroy the evil installations.


CONTROL

Pause - H
Abort - R
Boat control using joystick or Keyboard:
Left - O
Right - P
Accelerate - Q
Decelerate - A
Bullets - Space
Missiles - A + Space

Good luck 007, the world is counting on you.

A Domark Publication
An Elite Production
SOURCE CODE AND GAME FORMAT COPYRIGHT (C) 1988 Elite Sysyetms International
Ltd.
This game is based on the film "Live and Let Die"
COPYRIGHT: Gun Symbol Logo (C) Danjag S.A. 1962 (C) Eon Productions Ltd
Gildrose Publications Ltd 1987.
CREDITS: Computer Game: Elite Systems Ltd - Peter Cook, Andy Williams,
Bob & Dave Thomas, Bryron Nilson, Martin Ward, Paul Walker.

(Transcribed by Robin Stuart)
