THE SPY WHO LOVED ME
Domark


THE GAME
James Bond and Soviet agent Anya Amasova form an unlikely alliance
in this the most famous of Bond's escapades. Together they must
investigate the recent disappearance of two submarines - one Russian
and one British. Microfilm evidence suggests that they have been stolen
by the power-mad Karl Stromberg. You are despatched to Sardinia
to investigate Stromberg's plans at his underwater fortress Atlantis.
To assist you in your mission, Q has provided his revolutionary
Submarine Car which, when kitted out, is armed to the teeth with
a fantastic array of weaponry.


Q'S EQUIPMENT LIST

SUBMARINE CAR

On Land
Offensive Weapons:      Machine Gun, Missile Launcher,
                        Ground to Air Missiles,
Rear Defenses:          Smoke Gun, Paint Jet, Vehicle Armour

Underwater
Offensive Weapons:      Explosive Bolts (4-way), Torpedoes (8-way),
                        Laser gun
Rear Defenses:          Vehicle Armour

SPEEDBOAT
Offensive Weapon:       Missile Launcher
Defensive Weapon:       Smoke Gun

WET BIKE
Offensive Weapons:      Machine Gun (4-way), Micro Missiles (3-way),
                        Laser gun
Defensive Weapon:	Vehicle Armour

All weapons are available from the Q-Truck, or as packages which can
be collected en route.


GAMEPLAY

Scene 1.
Bond and Anya collect the car from Q at the harbour and drive to their
hotel. Take this opportunity to practise your driving skills and learn how
to handle the car. There is a time limit - you have to get to the hotel in
time to catch a boat which will take you to your meeting with Stromberg.
Use the car's terrific handling to avoid
innocent people and traffic as you hurtle
along the twisting roads to your destination.
Drive over Q-Tokens to buy extra weapons
for use in later scenes
Having picked up the speedboat Bond must
travel out to Stromberg's Atlantis, avoiding
innocent swimmers, wooden piers and
Stromberg's agents whose speedboats
follow in hot pursuit

Scene 2.
Having completed their meeting with Stromberg, Bond and Anya head
back to their hotel. However, Stromberg's suspicions are aroused and
he orders them killed.
Drive into the Q-Truck to buy weapons and
to repair your car using the Q-Tokens you
have collected.
James decides to have another look
at Atlantis - from underwater. You can only
get into this scene by obtaining underwater
capability from Q.
Use the extra weapons provided by Q
to destroy large enemies.

Scene 3. (16-bit versions only)
Bond's visit to Atlantis confirms his suspicions about Stromberg.
An American nuclear submarine is sent to destroy Atlantis; Bond joins
Anya on board. However, Stromberg is one step ahead of the game and
has the American sub captured and hidden inside a huge hollow
supertanker. Bond escapes and releases the crews from the British,
Russian and American submarines. Together they launch an attack only
to find that Stromberg is in the control room, safe behind armour plated
steel. Bond takes a detonator from the sub's nuclear missile and climbs
onto a security camera in a death defying mission to blow a hole
in the shielding.
Defend Bond from the guards who rush out
to attack him. Watch out for the enemy divers
in the water - they will pop up anywhere.
Remember, you must keep Bond safe until
the nuclear charge explodes. Shoot
magazines for extra ammunition.

Scene 4. (16-bit versions only)
Bond and the submarine crews rush into the control room only to find that
they are too late! Stromberg has escaped, taking Anya with him as
hostage. His last action was to reprogram the British and Russian subs
with their deadly nuclear missiles targeted on New York and Moscow.
The resulting explosions will plunge the world into nuclear war while he
hides beneath the waves in Atlantis. Bond has only one chance -
to reprogram the targeting computer with the co-ordinates of the
submarines before they reach their launch sites:
Submarine # 1: 039 048 (Degrees)
Submarine # 2: 038 022 (Degrees)
Match the master sequence of symbols with
the symbols generated by your entered
number sequence. Be quick You have only
one chance to stop Stromberg and his plans
for global domination.

Scene 5.
The US Commander has orders to destroy Atlantis even though Anya
is still hostage. Bond is given one hour to rescue her. Using the specially
modified Wet Bike flown in by Q, he must destroy its outer defenses and
enter Atlantis.
Q has air dropped packages onto the surface
for you to collect. Use these to destroy the
various craft which are determined to stop
you reaching your destination.

Scene 6. (16-bit versions only)
Bond runs down the corridors of Atlantis looking for Anya. Here
he encounters Stromberg's forces and the enormous, bone-crunching
henchman JAWS!
Hold off Stromberg's bodyguard until
Stromberg panics and makes a run for it!
Watch out! The near invincible JAWS has
remained behind to settle old scores.


Controls:
Guide Bond using joystick or keyboard. Press fire to shoot and launch
extra weapons. Hold down the fire key to operate the car's
defense systems.

Keys:

16-bit: Keyboard		Joystick
	Q - Up/Accelerate       Push Up - Up/Accelerate
	A - Slow/Down           Push back - Slow/Down
	O - Left                Push Left - Left
	P - Right               Push Right - Right
	Space - Fire/Enter      Fire Button - Fire/Enter
	H - Hold/Pause

8-bit:  Follow on-screen instructions
