==============
View To A Kill
==============
Document created by rstuart@ukonline.co.uk on 1st June 2000 for
World of Spectrum: http://www.void.jump.org

Taken from the Virgin Games compilation 'Now Games 3'.

View To A Kill (Domark)
-----------------------
Spectacular 3 part arcade adventure based on the James Bond film. Brawn
and brains are needed to get you through this one. There's a Paris chase
after May Day leaps from the Eiffel Tower. Stacey must be rescued from the
City Hall; then secret codes to defuse the bomb must be uncovered from
deep within Silicon Valley!

Loading Instructions
--------------------
Type LOAD "" and press ENTER.

'View to a Kill' is a multi-loading program, you will have to follow
the instructions on the screen after the first part of the game has loaded.
It is important to note down the rev counter numbers at the beginning of
all 4 sections in this game!

View To A Kill
--------------
FOR DETAILS OF JOYSTICK AND KEYBOARD CONTROLS SEE THE TITLE SCREEN

Your name is Bond - James Bond, the world's top Secret Agent, and you are
now embarking on one of the most important missions of your career.

Your objective is to discover the Max Zorin's latest dastardly plan. The
information you need is in three main locations. Paris, where you must make
contact with May Day to get a vital clue, San Francisco, where various
secrets are hidden in the City Hall and a Silver Mine under Silicon Valley.

The Codes
---------
At the end of the first two games you'll be given a code which you must type
in at the start of each new game. This contains information to set up the
game on how well you have done in the time you took and other information,
you may reuse the codes or any new one generated by a more successful game.
You may play any game at any time, but to be totally successful in the
final game you must have done as well as James Bond himself!

The Real-Time Element
---------------------
Each game is played in real time and you play against the clock.

Your Performance
----------------
Although James can't actually die, he can fail when you take his part!

List of Features
----------------
Pause - Select this from menu
Abort - Select this from menu and press FIRE twice (not in Paris!)
Music - You have a choice of "The James Bond Theme" by Monty Norman (c) 1962
United Partnerships Ltd, reproduced by permission, or the hit single "A
View to a Kill" by Duran Duran and John Barry (c) 1985 Tritec Music Ltd/CBS
Songs Ltd. Reproduced by permission at various points in the game.

Game 1: Paris Chase
-------------------
Bond has lunch in the Eiffel Tower with a friendly Agent who is killed by
May Day. Bond chases her up the Tower, but she hurls herself off the top
and parachutes to a drop point on the outskirts of Paris. He leaps onto the
roof of the Tower lift and commandeers a taxi at the bottom. Then you
take over! You can follow her movements with the aid of a radio tracker
which indicates proximity and altitude and her shadow will pass over your
aerial view. You can see the building in front through the car windscreen
and your speed, the time and your damage is indicated on the dashboard. The
objective is to reach the drop point at exactly the same time as she does.
Watch out for the wind changing her course.

On your way you will have to follow the one-way traffic system by
following the little yellow arrows, otherwise the police will be on your
tail. Paris drivers are reckless and there are barriers to avoid. You may
use your pistol to knock out unwelcome vehicles which may get in
your way. Try handbrake turns to avoid tricky situations.

If you fail to catch May Day the game will automatically start again.

Game 2: City Hall
-----------------
Bond is now in San Francisco in his search for Max Zorin. Bond and his
companion, Stacey, are pushed into the lift on their arrival at City Hall
where Zorin traps them between floors and sets fire to the top floor! You
must now take over! You use the 'duck shoot' by pressing FIRE, control is
passed from you to the upper part of the 'duck shoot' menu. Moving left or
right will scroll the objects you are carrying past the selection point.

When you have selected the object, press FIRE and control will be passed
to the lower menu. If you want to go straight to the lower menu select the
downward arrow. In the lower menu you have a number of actions which can be
selected (see below). You can move from room to room or search, use, drop or
issue commands for Stacey. You can also select the top menu to collect
objects which will be useful later on, but there is a limit to what you can
carry. You must get Stacey out of the lift and fight your way to safety.

The fire will spread across your view, although fire buckets will help. If
you get too close to the fire your actions will be impaired.

To help, a light will shine on the plan view of the City Hall to indicate
your position and rooms change colour when visited.

Use door passes correctly and try using objects to get Stacey out of the
lift, then you must find an escape route.

Important! To get out you'll need a set of numbers which fit into the code
holder you start off with. When filled this holder must be set to break the
security locked door at the bottom right of the City Hall, and it's a long
way away!

Duck Shoot Menu Controls
------------------------
RETURN - Returns control to Bond.
SEARCH - Searches the room you are in. Any object which is in the room will
be displayed on the upper duck shoot menu. Select the objects you want to
pick up by scrolling the menu and pressing FIRE.
DROP   - Drops the object selected in the upper menu.
USE    - Uses the object selected in the upper menu.
GIVE   - Enables you to give an object to Stacey if she is with you.
STAY   - If Stacey is with you select the picture of her and she will stay in
the room.
FOLLOW - If selected with Stacey's picture she will follow.
PAUSE  - Allows you to pause the game.
ABORT  - The lower menu will flash when this is selected, if you're sure
press FIRE.

Useful Objects
--------------
Gun and Bullets
---------------
You will find a gun and bullets in the City Hall, this is useful for shooting
open doors. Select the gun then select USE, two shots should do it.

Door Keys
---------
Keys are colour coded to the appropriate door.

Security Cards
--------------
These are colour coded to the appropriate door (n.b. the yellow card is
outlined in black).

Cupboard Keys
-------------
These are colour coded to cupboards.

Minepass and Geiger Counter
---------------------------
These come in handy in the Mine.

Game 3: The Mine - Silicon Valley
---------------------------------
Bond has finally discovered Zorin's plan. He plans to capture the world's
silicon chip market by blowing up a disused mine under the Valley and watch
it crumble into the Pacific Ocean! Bond explores the mine and discovers the
nuclear detonator.

The only way to get it out is to be winched down. May Day is the only person
strong enough to help him. She is Zorin's henchperson but surely Bond can
persuade her how crazy this plan is! You now take over! You must use objects
to defuse the bomb in time. Use the lift or climb ropes but be careful, watch
out for pits.

Important! When you've found May Day she will set off in another direction,
meet her at the winching point later on, but make sure she is free before
you leave.

Mine Duck Shoot
---------------
This works in the same way as the City Hall 'Duck Shoot' but with some
different commands.

GET LIFT   - If you are standing next to the lift shaft then this command
will cause the lift to move to your level.
WINCH DOWN - If you have successfully assembled all the winch mechanisms and
have rescued May Day then this will make her winch you down.
WINCH UP   - May Day will winch you up.

Useful Objects
--------------
Grapnel Gun
-----------
Using the gun will allow you to shoot a rope up from your position to
whatever is above. You can jump onto and climb the rope, when you jump off
the rope will rewind.

Dynamite and Lighter
--------------------
These objects may be used to blow up certain rocks.

Geiger Counter
--------------
If you have this it will be displayed on screen and will show you how close
you are to the bomb.

Code Numbers
------------
You will find numbers throughout the mine, five of these in the correct
order will defuse the detonator. It is possible to find out which are the
correct number and sequence, but that is a problem worthy of the best Secret
Agent!
